subjects/prime_checker/README.md, before:

## prime_checker

### Instructions

Create a **function** `prime_checker` that takes an `u32` and check if it is a prime number.

The result will be `None` if the argument is less or equal one, otherwise it will return a `Result`.
If the `u32` is prime, the function will return an`Ok(u32)`. For any other case it will return an `enum` `PrimeErr`.
The `enum` `PrimeErr` will be `Even` if the number is a multiple of two or `Divider(u32)` where the `u32` is the smallest divider of the number.

> Your solution should be optimized to a certain degree.

### Expected Function and structure

```rust
#[derive(PartialEq, Eq, Debug)]
pub enum PrimeErr {
    Even,
    Divider(u32),
}

pub fn prime_checker(nb: u32) ->  /* Implement return type here */ {}
```

### Usage

Here is a program to test your function:

```rust
use prime_checker::*;

fn main() {
    println!("Is {} prime? {:?}", 2, prime_checker(2));
    println!("Is {} prime? {:?}", 14, prime_checker(14));
    println!("Is {} prime? {:?}", 2147483647, prime_checker(2147483647));
}
```

And its output:

```console
$ cargo run
Is 2 prime? Some(Ok(2))
Is 14 prime? Some(Err(Even))
Is 2147483647 prime? Some(Ok(2147483647))
$
```

Commit message:

fix(piscine-rust): made minor improvements to a few subjects
* Adding a reminder of what a prime is

* Specifying the function input type to avoid a simple mistake

* Changing the explanation of the nb_games variable so it is more understandable as a few student struggle to understand what the intended use was for it

---------

Co-authored-by: Pedro Ferreira <pedro.ferreira@01talent.com>

subjects/prime_checker/README.md, after:

## prime_checker

### Instructions

Create a **function** `prime_checker` that takes an `u32` and check if it is a prime number.

The result will be `None` if the argument is less or equal one, otherwise it will return a `Result`.
If the `u32` is prime, the function will return an`Ok(u32)`. For any other case it will return an `enum` `PrimeErr`.
The `enum` `PrimeErr` will be `Even` if the number is a multiple of two or `Divider(u32)` where the `u32` is the smallest divider of the number.

> A prime number is a natural number greater than 1 that is a not a product of two smaller natural numbers.
> 4 is not a prime number (so it's called a composite number) because it can be represented as 2 \* 2. 5 is a prime number as it can only be represented by 5 \* 1 or 1 \* 5.

> Your solution should be optimized to a certain degree.

### Expected Function and structure

```rust
#[derive(PartialEq, Eq, Debug)]
pub enum PrimeErr {
    Even,
    Divider(u32),
}

pub fn prime_checker(nb: u32) ->  /* Implement return type here */ {}
```

### Usage

Here is a program to test your function:

```rust
use prime_checker::*;

fn main() {
    println!("Is {} prime? {:?}", 2, prime_checker(2));
    println!("Is {} prime? {:?}", 14, prime_checker(14));
    println!("Is {} prime? {:?}", 2147483647, prime_checker(2147483647));
}
```

And its output:

```console
$ cargo run
Is 2 prime? Some(Ok(2))
Is 14 prime? Some(Err(Even))
Is 2147483647 prime? Some(Ok(2147483647))
$
```
