subjects/rpn/README.md, before:

## rpn

### Instructions

Write a **program** which takes a `string` containing an equation written in `Reverse Polish Notation` (RPN). It should evaluate the equation, and print the result on the standard output followed by a newline (`'\n'`).

- If the `string` is not valid, or if there is not exactly one argument, `Error` must be printed on the standard output followed by a newline.
- If the `string` has extra spaces it is still considered valid.

`Reverse Polish Notation` is a mathematical notation in which every operator follows all of its operands. In RPN, every operator encountered evaluates the previous 2 operands, and the result of this operation then becomes the first of the two operands for the subsequent operator. Operands and operators must be spaced by at least one space.

The following operators must be implemented : `+`, `-`, `*`, `/`, and `%`.

All the given operands must fit in a `i64`.

Examples of formulas converted in RPN:

3 + 4 >> 3 4 +

((1 \* 2) \* 3) - 4 >> 1 2 \* 3 \* 4 - or 3 1 2 \* \* 4 -

50 \* (5 - (10 / 9)) >> 5 10 9 / - 50 \*

Here is how to evaluate a formula in RPN:

```console
1 2 * 3 * 4 -
2 3 * 4 -
6 4 -
2
```

Or:

```console
3 1 2 * * 4 -
3 2 * 4 -
6 4 -
2
```

For receiving arguments from the command line you should use something like:

```rust
    fn main() {
        let args: Vec<String> = std::env::args().collect();

        rpn(&args[1]);
    }

```

### Usage

```console
$ cargo run "1 2 * 3 * 4 +"
10
$ cargo run "1 2 3 4 +"
Error
$ cargo run ""
Error
$ cargo run "     1      3 * 2 -"
1
$ cargo run "     1      3 * ksd 2 -"
Error
```

Commit message:

fix(rust-checkpoints): improved remaining checkpoints (#3068)
Co-authored-by: Pedro Ferreira <pedro.ferreira@01talent.com>

subjects/rpn/README.md, after:

## rpn

### Instructions

Write a **program** which takes a `&str` containing an equation written in `Reverse Polish Notation` (RPN). It should evaluate the expression, and print the result on the standard output followed by a newline.

- If the expression is not valid, or if there is not exactly one argument, `Error` must be printed on the standard output followed by a newline.

> Extra spaces on the expression should be ignored.

`Reverse Polish Notation` is a mathematical notation in which every operator follows all of its operands. In RPN, every operator encountered evaluates the previous 2 operands, and the result of this operation then becomes the first of the two operands for the subsequent operator. Operands and operators must be spaced by at least one space.

The following operators must be implemented : `+`, `-`, `*`, `/`, and `%` (modulo).

All the given operands must fit in a `i64`.

Examples of formulas converted in RPN:

3 + 4 >> 3 4 +

((1 \* 2) \* 3) - 4 >> 1 2 \* 3 \* 4 - or 3 1 2 \* \* 4 -

50 \* (5 - (10 / 9)) >> 5 10 9 / - 50 \*

Here is how to evaluate a formula in RPN:

```console
1 2 * 3 * 4 -
2 3 * 4 -
6 4 -
2
```

Or:

```console
3 1 2 * * 4 -
3 2 * 4 -
6 4 -
2
```

> Use `std::env::args()` to get the program's arguments.

### Usage

```console
$ cargo run "1 2 * 3 * 4 +"
10
$ cargo run "1 2 3 4 +"
Error
$ cargo run ""
Error
$ cargo run
Error
$ cargo run "2" "4"
Error
$ cargo run "     1      3 * 2 -"
1
$ cargo run "     1      3 * ksd 2 -"
Error
```
