subjects/chaikin/README.md, before:

## Chaikin

### Instructions

Implement [Chaikin's](https://www.cs.unc.edu/~dm/UNC/COMP258/LECTURES/Chaikins-Algorithm.pdf) algorithm as a step by step animation.

You will create a canvas to enable the user to draw 1 or more points. The screen will then animate each step that is taken to obtain the final result of a drawn curve. The animation must play for 7 steps and then it must restart.

You can see how the application should work [here](https://youtu.be/PbB2eKnA2QI).

> Usage of Chaikin's algorithm is mandatory.

#### Functionality

- The canvas must receive input from the mouse. The user must be able to use the left button to place control points for Chaikin's algorithm.

- The selected points must be visible on the canvas. You will need to draw a **small** circle surrounding each point.

- If the canvas has control points drawn on it, then pressing `Enter` should start the animation. It should cycle through the steps until reaching the 7th step of `Chaikin's` algorithm. The animation should then restart.

- If the user presses `Enter` before any points have been drawn, then nothing should happen. It should still be possible to draw points. You may optionally choose to display a message to inform the user that they forgot to draw points.

- If the canvas has only one control point, the program must only present that point and not cycle through the steps.

- If the canvas has only two control points, the program must draw a straight line.

- Pressing `Escape` should quit the window.

> You are free to use any library to create and handle windows, rendering, keyboard and mouse events.

### Bonus

- Make it possible to clear the screen, so that the user can select new control points.
- Make it possible to drag the control points in real time.

Commit message:

fix(chaikin): add unit tests

subjects/chaikin/README.md, after:

## Chaikin

### Instructions

Implement [Chaikin's](https://www.cs.unc.edu/~dm/UNC/COMP258/LECTURES/Chaikins-Algorithm.pdf) algorithm as a step by step animation.

You will create a canvas to enable the user to draw 1 or more points. The screen will then animate each step that is taken to obtain the final result of a drawn curve. The animation must play for 7 steps and then it must restart.

You can see how the application should work [here](https://youtu.be/PbB2eKnA2QI).

> Usage of Chaikin's algorithm is mandatory.

#### Functionality

- The canvas must receive input from the mouse. The user must be able to use the left button to place control points for Chaikin's algorithm.

- The selected points must be visible on the canvas. You will need to draw a **small** circle surrounding each point.

- If the canvas has control points drawn on it, then pressing `Enter` should start the animation. It should cycle through the steps until reaching the 7th step of `Chaikin's` algorithm. The animation should then restart.

- If the user presses `Enter` before any points have been drawn, then nothing should happen. It should still be possible to draw points. You may optionally choose to display a message to inform the user that they forgot to draw points.

- If the canvas has only one control point, the program must only present that point and not cycle through the steps.

- If the canvas has only two control points, the program must draw a straight line.

- Pressing `Escape` should quit the window.

> You are free to use any library to create and handle windows, rendering, keyboard and mouse events.

### Unit Tests

You must implement unit tests to verify your implementation of the Chaikin algorithm. Your tests should:
- Verify the coordinates of the new points generated after one iteration of the algorithm (cutting the corners at 25% and 75%).
- Verify that the number of points increases correctly per iteration (e.g., for an open curve, $N$ points should result in $2N - 2$ points in the next step).
- Ensure the algorithm handles edge cases, such as an input list of 0, 1, or 2 points, without crashing.

### Bonus

- Make it possible to clear the screen, so that the user can select new control points.
- Make it possible to drag the control points in real time.
